PayPal hosted fields available as components (#160)
paypal/react-paypal-js: README.md

Checkout the docs page for the [BraintreePayPalButtons](https://paypal.github.io/react-paypal-js/?path=/docs/example-braintreepaypalbuttons--default) to learn more about the available props.

### PayPal Hosted Fields

The JS SDK hosted-fields component provides payment form functionality that you can customize. Read more about this integration in the [PayPal Advanced Card Payments documentation](https://developer.paypal.com/docs/business/checkout/advanced-card-payments/).

> There are 3 parts to hosted-fields integration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 3 parts to the hosted-fields integration:
```

> 1. The `<PayPalHostedFieldsProvider />` provider component wraps the form field elements and accepts the createOrder prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `<PayPalHostedFieldsProvider />` provider component wraps the form field elements and accepts props like `createOrder()`.
```

2. The `<PayPalHostedField>` component is used for the credit card number, expiration, and cvv elements. These are customizable using props and must be children of the `<PayPalHostedFieldsProvider />` component.
3. The `usePayPalHostedFields` hook exposes the `submit()` function for submitting the payment with your own custom button.

```jsx
import {
    PayPalScriptProvider,
    PayPalHostedFieldsProvider,
    PayPalHostedField,
    usePayPalHostedFields,
} from "@paypal/react-paypal-js";

const SubmitPayment = () => {
    // Here declare the variable containing the hostedField instance
    const hostedFields = usePayPalHostedFields();

    const submitHandler = () => {

>         if (!hostedFields.submit) return; // Handle the nonexistence of hosted field instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        if (typeof hostedFields.submit !== 'function') return; // validate that `submit()` exists before using it
```

Checkout the docs page for the [BraintreePayPalButtons](https://paypal.github.io/react-paypal-js/?path=/docs/example-braintreepaypalbuttons--default) to learn more about the available props.

### PayPal Hosted Fields

> The JS SDK hosted-fields component provides a secure payment form that you can customize. Read more about this integration in the [PayPal Advanced Card Payments documentation](https://developer.paypal.com/docs/business/checkout/advanced-card-payments/).

Reviewer: Slight tweak since we don't actually provide a `<form>`.
```suggestion
The JS SDK hosted-fields component provides payment form functionality that you can customize. Read more about this integration in the [PayPal Advanced Card Payments documentation](https://developer.paypal.com/docs/business/checkout/advanced-card-payments/).
```

> The Braintree hosted field SDK can be used with the PayPal JS SDK to render hosted fields to create custom secure payment UIs. Read more about this integration in the [Braintree PayPal client-side integration docs](https://developer.paypal.com/braintree/docs/guides/hosted-fields/overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JS SDK hosted-fields component provides a secure payment form that you can customize. Read more about this integration in the [PayPal Advanced Card Payments documentation](https://developer.paypal.com/docs/business/checkout/advanced-card-payments/).
```

> To integrate your hosted fields in your site you need to use two components. The parent `<PayPalHostedFieldsProvider />`and the `<PayPalHostedField>` children. The first one is similar to the `<PayPalScripProvider>` if you are familiar with that component.

Reviewer: There are two components to use for hosted-fields integrations:
1. The `<PayPalHostedFieldsProvider />` provider component wraps the form field elements and accepts the `createOrder` prop.
2. The `<PayPalHostedField>` component is used for the credit card number, expiration, and cvv elements. These are customizable using props and must be children of the `<PayPalHostedFieldsProvider />` component.

Checkout the docs page for the [BraintreePayPalButtons](https://paypal.github.io/react-paypal-js/?path=/docs/example-braintreepaypalbuttons--default) to learn more about the available props.

### PayPal Hosted Fields

The JS SDK hosted-fields component provides payment form functionality that you can customize. Read more about this integration in the [PayPal Advanced Card Payments documentation](https://developer.paypal.com/docs/business/checkout/advanced-card-payments/).

There are two components to use for hosted-fields integrations:

1. The `<PayPalHostedFieldsProvider />` provider component wraps the form field elements and accepts the createOrder prop.
2. The `<PayPalHostedField>` component is used for the credit card number, expiration, and cvv elements. These are customizable using props and must be children of the `<PayPalHostedFieldsProvider />` component.

> Below you can see an example:

Reviewer: Let's remove this text.
```suggestion
```

```jsx
import {
    PayPalScriptProvider,
    PayPalHostedFieldsProvider,
    PayPalHostedField,
} from "@paypal/react-paypal-js";

> export default function App() {

Reviewer: Can we add code in here to show how the button submission works? I think we need to include that as well to show off how the hook works. We should also add number 3 to the list about to mention the hook needed for submission.

    return (
        <PayPalScriptProvider
            options={{
                "client-id": "your-client-id",
                "data-client-token": "your-data-client-token",
            }}
        >
            <PayPalHostedFieldsProvider
                createOrder={() => {
                    // here define the call to create and order
                    return Promise.resolve(orderId);
                }}
            >
                <PayPalHostedField
                    id="card-number"

>                     hostedFieldType={PAYPAL_HOSTED_FIELDS_TYPES.NUMBER}

Reviewer: Where does `PAYPAL_HOSTED_FIELDS_TYPES` come from? does it need to be imported in? Ex:

```jsx
import {
    PayPalScriptProvider,
    PayPalHostedFieldsProvider,
    PayPalHostedField,
    PAYPAL_HOSTED_FIELDS_TYPES
} from "@paypal/react-paypal-js";
```

Author: Not needed at all...

                    options={{ selector: "#card-number" }}
                />
                <PayPalHostedField
                    id="cvv"
                    hostedFieldType={PAYPAL_HOSTED_FIELDS_TYPES.CVV}
                    options={{ selector: "#cvv" }}
                />
                <PayPalHostedField
                    id="expiration-date"
                    hostedFieldType={PAYPAL_HOSTED_FIELDS_TYPES.EXPIRATION_DATE}
                    options={{
                        selector: "#expiration-date",
                        placeholder: "MM/YY",
                    }}
                />
            </PayPalHostedFieldsProvider>
        </PayPalScriptProvider>
    );
}
```

> Notice you need to wrap the `<PayPalHostedFieldsProvider />` component with the `<PayPalScriptProvider />` in the say way we use the PayPal buttons. It is required to define three `<PayPalHostedField />` children or more. One to represent the number card, second to represent the CVV code in the card and third the expiration date. These are required fields, if some of them is missing the component will fail to render the fields.

Reviewer: I'm thinking we can remove this paragraph as well. It's very similar to the docs above.

> The expiration date can be represent by a unique field with a custom format `MM/YYYY` for example, or can be define using two separate fields. One to introduce the month and other to introduce the year.

Reviewer: Let's remove this example of two separate fields for expiration from the readme since its an edge case. I think one example is enough.

The JS SDK hosted-fields component provides payment form functionality that you can customize. Read more about this integration in the [PayPal Advanced Card Payments documentation](https://developer.paypal.com/docs/business/checkout/advanced-card-payments/).

> There are two components and one custom hook to use for hosted-fields integrations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 3 parts to hosted-fields integration:
```

1. The `<PayPalHostedFieldsProvider />` provider component wraps the form field elements and accepts the createOrder prop.
2. The `<PayPalHostedField>` component is used for the credit card number, expiration, and cvv elements. These are customizable using props and must be children of the `<PayPalHostedFieldsProvider />` component.

> 3. The `usePayPalHostedFields` custom hook is useful for submit the form. This hooks return the rendered hosted field instance object. The instance allows calling the submit function, doing all the validations, and calling the declare function inside the createOrder prop in the `<PayPalHostedFieldsProvider />` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The `usePayPalHostedFields` hook exposes the `submit()` function for submitting the payment with your own custom button.

```jsx
import {
    PayPalScriptProvider,
    PayPalHostedFieldsProvider,
    PayPalHostedField,
    usePayPalHostedFields,
} from "@paypal/react-paypal-js";

const SubmitPayment = () => {
    // Here declare the variable containing the hostedField instance
    const hostedFields = usePayPalHostedFields();

    const submitHandler = () => {

>         if (hostedFields.submit) {

Reviewer: Can we check for the invalid case and exit early? that way we don't have to have all this code nested in the `if`.
```suggestion
        if (!hostedFields.submit) {
          return;
        }
        // add the rest of the code here.
```

            // Can be check using (typeof hostedFields.submit === "function")
            hostedFields
                .submit({
                    // The full name as shown in the card and billing address
                    cardholderName: "Jhon Wick",
                })
                .then((order) => {

>                     fetch("capture-payment-info")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    fetch("/your-server-side-integration-endpoint/capture-payment-info")
```

Reviewer: Hopefully this helps make it clear that this is an endpoint the user has to set up with the server-side integration.
